how you doing this is J Michael J Mike
Fitness calm
I'm giving you guys a little product
review on
tester now in this particular tester is
not the vertex but it's very similar and
a lot of times people get these machines
or they try to do some of the exercises
or the drills and they do improperly in
this first video I'm just explaining to
you how this thing actually works and
how it actually measures your vertical
leap okay okay now that we have the
measurement which is seven foot nine
inches we know where we're starting from
this is the baseline so we have to
change the height that was suitable
enough to find out what you're standing
reaches but in order to figure out what
my vertical leap is we need to raise it
up to a least 11 feet all right now it's
set at 11 feet at the very top so you
probably notice that some of the pigs
are already hit and the reason why I did
that is because if you're going up to
make an attempt or a SWAT and what you
shouldn't be swatting but if you're
going up to make a SWAT those are going
to get in your way
so I already know that i can jump at
least 10 feet so I left one black just
showing that anything above that would
be over 10 feet ready yeah all right now
that we've already established the fact
that my standard reach is 7 foot 9
inches we know that it's going to take
27 inches to touch 10 feet and 10 feet
being the the benchmark due to the fact
that most of us jump to try to dunk so
if once I touch the first peg on the
vertical leap tester we know that if I
established at least 27 inches towards
my vertical leap so right now I'm going
to jump a little light so these are
going to be a couple of warmups so you
guys can see exactly what I'm talking
about
ready all right every vertical leap
tester has a way the peg swing they
either swing going forward or going
backwards depending on which side you're
standing on so when you do your reach
test make sure it's on the same side as
the side you're going to be jumping on
because if not you're going to be
reaching across your body which means
you'll be losing height so if if you
jump with your right hand you want to
make sure it's on the right side of you
or if you jump with your left hand it's
on the left side of you so that way you
don't get shorted out of any inches when
you do your vertical leap test all right
that was my warm-up jump so
I hit a couple of the prongs I'm not
going to reset it due to the fact that
those were just getting away that was a
warm-up so I should be able to go a
little bit higher so make sure you do
that after you clear a height that you
know you can go a little bit higher
clear those out the way so where it
makes it easier for you to go up and
actually touch and get a good reading
you're right alright looks like I maxed
out somewhere about thirty-five
thirty-six inches today on the vertical
leap as you can see I'm not dressed very
well to complete this task today I'm
going to do it again
whenever I start really trying to do it
but this is give you guys some examples
of how to do it right and how to do it
wrong it gave you a lot of examples how
to do it wrong just do the fact I'm not
dressed appropriately appropriately but
if u s-- notice that fell back and once
you fall back you lose interest so I
know easily I could have got to about 36
37 today but I didn't so next time
hopefully I can hit that 40 mark next
time